we're seeing kids for the first time
this weekend
i'm ready to adopt adopting an older
child is not an easy decision
my name is esther and why aren't you
down the party i've never really seen
the point of it
i guess i'm different there's nothing
wrong with being different you know
this is an extraordinary little girl
she's very mature for her
age you seem to have made quite a
connection
is this your house it's your home too
you're just as much part of this family
as danny and max
it's a pleasure to meet you this is our
new student and i'd like you all to make
her feel very welcome today
oh look little bo peep text me she wants
her outfit back
esther what are you doing
something's happening to cause esther to
feel this way
i think there's something wrong with
esther we need to know what we're
dealing with
trouble does have a way of finding her
what kind of trouble
my name is dr varava i'm calling from
the cern institute i don't understand
how can they have no record of her being
there there has to be some explanation
the orphanage has
never heard of her
i don't think mommy likes me very much
why was she at your hospital oh my god
i love you tati i can't do it anymore
i have a surprise for you mommy what are
you doing
esther yesterday
[Music]
you